Fix kubectl version issue in log dump script (#7919)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: tools/log-dump/README.md

## Log dump script

This script is just a wrapper around `kafka-dump-log.sh`, and is supposed to make partition dumping easier on Strimzi.

> Every topic partition is composed by multiple segments, that are replicated to a number of brokers, and they can be in any of the attached disks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every topic partition is composed of multiple segments, that are replicated to a number of brokers, and they can be in any of the attached volumes.
```

Author: ok, thanks
